1)site: This operator restricts the search to a specific site. 
.intitle: This operator requires that the specified word or phrase is 
included in the page's title.
.inurl: This operator requires that the specified word or phrase is included 
in the page's URL. 
filetype: This operator restricts the search to specific file types. 
For example, 'filetype:pdf will only return PDF files.
Intext: This operator requires that the specified word or phrase is 
included in the body of the page. 
Try it out: intext:AI
.cache: This operator shows the version of the page that Google has in 
its cache.
.related: This operator returns sites that are similar to the specified site.
.info: This operator provides information about the specified site. 
.define: This operator provides definitions for the specified word or 
phrase. 
These operators can be used individually or in combination to create more 
specific and targeted searches.
.intitle: Searches for pages that contain a specific word in the title tag. 
Try it out: intitle:pizza 
This will show pages with the word "pizza" in the title tag.
allintitle: Works like "intitle" but will only show pages where the title 
tag includes all of the specified words.
Try it out: allintitle:pizza recipe
.related: Allows you to find sites related to a particular domain. 
Try it out: related:nytimes.com
13) OR : 
Try it out: pizza OR pasta
This will show pages that are related to either pizza or pasta. Or both. 
Alternatively, you can use the pipe (1) operator in place of "OR." It does 
the same thing. 
Try it out: pizza | pasta
14.AND: 
Finds results related to both the searched terms. 
Try it out: pizza AND pasta 
The AND operator is usually implied in Google search queries. When 
entering multiple search terms, Google assumes you want to see results 
that include all of those terms. 
So if you search for "pizza pasta," Google will show results that include both 
"pizza" and "pasta" anyway.
15. – 
The minus (-) operator excludes a particular term or phrase and shows 
pages that don’t include the excluded term (or terms). 
Try it out: digital marketing-jobs 
Google will show pages related to "digital marketing," but not "digital 
marketing jobs."
16.() 
The parentheses "()" groups multiple terms or search operators to influence 
the final search. 
Try it out: Tesla (Model S OR Model Y) 
Google will show pages that either include "Model S" or "Model Y" in addition 
to "Tesla."
17.* 
Acts as a wild card and fills in the missing word or phrase. 
Try it out: best * in Paris 
Google will fill in the asterisk with different words, such as "places," 
"museums," "hotels," "restaurants," "tourist places," etc.
18.define: See the definition for a specific word or concept. The definition 
is displayed in a special dictionary box, but sometimes Google might just 
show websites that define the term for you. 
Try it out: define:algorithm 
This will serve the definition of the word "algorithm." 
19.Filetype: Find results of a particular file format (e.g., PDF, XLS, PPT, 
DOCX, etc.) 
Try it out: filetype:pdf climate change 
You'll see search results for PDF files related to climate change.
20.ext: 
Alternatively, you can use the "ext:" operator in place of "filetype:" It does 
the same thing. 
Try it out: ext:pdf climate change
21.cache: Allows you to view the most recent cached version of a 
webpage. 
11 
Try it out: cache:semrush.com
22.Site: Finds results only from a specific website. 
Try it out: site:nytimes.com
23.inurl: Finds pages that include a specific word in the URL. 
Try it out: inurl:shampoo 
This will return pages that have the word "shampoo" in the URL. 
24.allinurl: Works like "inurl" but will only return pages where the URL 
includes all of the specified terms. 
Try it out: allinurl:best baby shampoos
25.weather: Allows you to quickly see weather conditions for a particular 
location. 
Try it out: weather:london 
Google will display the current temperature, forecast, and other weather
related information
26.stocks: Allows you to quickly see stock prices and other financial 
information of a particular company. 
Try it out: stocks:tesla 
Google will show the stock price, current market cap, stock chart with 
historic price details, and other relevant information.
27.map: Shows a map of a specific location. 
Try it out: map:new york 
Google will display a map of the location. If you click on the map, it will 
take you to Google Maps. Where you can zoom in or zoom out and explore 
further.
28. movie: Shows information about a specific movie. 
Try it out: movie:avengers endgame
29. allintext: 
Works like “intext” but will only show pages where page content contains 
all of the specified words. 
15 
Try it out: allintext:SEO tips
30. source: 
Finds news articles from a specific source in Google News. 
Try it out: tesla source:nytimes.com 
31. in: 
Lets you convert one unit to another. Applies to currency, weights, distance, 
temperature, time, etc. 
For example, you can search for “999 USD in EUR” to see how much $999 
USD is worth in euros. 
Try it out: 999 usd in eur 
32.“search term”: 
Using quotation marks around a search query allows you to search for an 
exact phrase rather than individual words. 
Try it out: “best pizza in new york city”
33. AROUND(X): 
Searches for pages where two words appear within the distance of “X” 
words from each other. 
Try it out: Tesla AROUND(5) Model S 
34. location: 
Narrow your results to a specific location. 
Try it out: location:seattle pizza 
You’ll see pizza-related results specific to Seattle. 
